Update `MWC4K 2022` for the Quarterfinals stage (#7877)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2022_4K/en.md

| **Philippines** ::{ flag=PH }:: | **6** | 0 | ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103223399) |
| **South Korea** ::{ flag=KR }:: | **6** | 3 | ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103223509) |
| Poland ::{ flag=PL }:: | 0 | **6** | ::{ flag=AU }:: **Australia** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103228045) |
| **Malaysia** ::{ flag=MY }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=FR }:: France | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103228244) |
| **Japan** ::{ flag=JP }:: | **6** | 5 | ::{ flag=VN }:: Vietnam | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103228273) |
| **United Kingdom** ::{ flag=GB }:: | **6** | 3 | ::{ flag=CN }:: China | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103230145) |
| Finland ::{ flag=FI }:: | 5 | **6** | ::{ flag=RU }:: **Russian Federation** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103232739) |
| Taiwan ::{ flag=TW }:: | 0 | **6** | ::{ flag=HK }:: **Hong Kong** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103234107) |
| Czech Republic ::{ flag=CZ }:: | 0 | **6** | ::{ flag=DE }:: **Germany** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103236745) |

### Round of 32

> Detailed statistics for this round can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ODtFL2MlIq8juSsyzUy6FB0zcc7Rnlhv9LIIgkDIu0s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed statistics for this round can be found in [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ODtFL2MlIq8juSsyzUy6FB0zcc7Rnlhv9LIIgkDIu0s).
```

Author: I would like to keep using this format since it's what is being used in other articles already
